
## Town Archives

* In the summer of 1877, the crew of the whaler Deep Reaver set out from Brindlewood Bay. They returned with the strangest whale anyone had ever seen. It had tentacle-like legs and rows of oily, black eyes. They sold its parts all over the world, and the proceeds were used to turn Brindlewood Bay into what it is today.
* In the Summer of 1893, Hale Willoughby, a Deep Reaver survivor, murdered thirteen women and children. He claimed he was simply doing “that what was promised to them below.” Despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary, the jury found him innocent. He was released from jail and allowed to build a shack on the old Stockton farmland, where he lived out the rest of his days in relative peace. During that time, he kept to himself and rarely came to town, though he was said to frequently engage in strange religious rites in the middle of the night.
* In the spring of 1942, wreckage from a Nazi U-boat washed ashore at Brindlewood Bay. The U-boat appeared to have been torn to pieces—literally ripped apart—and some of the interior bulkheads had strange, occult symbols scrawled all over them. No bodies ever turned up, but there was one reported survivor: a Nazi submariner whose mind was shattered and who committed suicide by repeatedly slamming his head into a wall shortly after being detained. The U.S. government gathered the pieces of the wreckage before it could become a major story in the papers.
* In the fall of 1992, a group of anti-government separatists called the Sons of Freedom had a standoff against federal agents at the Sons’ compound deep in the woods outside Brindlewood Bay. The standoff lasted for six days, during which time federal agents claimed to witness all manner of strange things coming from the compound: bizarre lights, chanting, barnyard animal noises, and more.
* Some agents report having hallucinations during the standoff, and even glimpsing monstrous forms in the surrounding woods. On the sixth night, a wild chanting followed by terrible screams went up from the compound, and then silence. When agents entered the compound, they found an abattoir—the floors, walls, and ceilings soaked in blood, and pieces of the Sons strewn all over.
* New Year’s Eve, 2011: Brindlewood Bay was the convergence point for numerous doomsday prophets who believed the world would end in 2012. A massive “End of All Things” party was held in and around town, and the next day, most of the revellers went back to wherever they came from. A few, however, remained…
